README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./static/images/gopher_full.png" alt="Gitrob" width="200" />
</p>
<br />
<br />
<br />

# Gitrob: Putting the Open Source in OSINT

Gitrob is a tool to help find potentially sensitive information pushed to public repositories on GitLab or Github. Gitrob will clone repositories belonging to a user or group/organization down to a configurable depth and iterate through the commit history and flag files and/or commit content that match signatures for potentially sensitive information. The findings will be presented through a web interface for easy browsing and analysis.

## Usage

    gitrob [options] target [target2] ... [targetN]

**IMPORTANT** If you are targeting a GitLab group, please give the **group ID** as the target argument.  You can find the group ID just below the group name in the GitLab UI.  Otherwise, names with suffice for the target arguments.

### Options

```
-bind-address string
    Address to bind web server to (default "127.0.0.1")
-commit-depth int
    Number of repository commits to process (default 500)
-debug
    Print debugging information
-github-access-token string
    Github access token to use for API requests (set one)
-gitlab-access-token string
    GitLab access token to use for API requests (set one)
-in-mem-clone
    Clone repositories into memory for faster analysis depending on your hardware
-load string
    Load session file from specified path
-mode int {1, 2, or 3}
    Designate a mode for execution.  Mode 1 (default) searches for file signature matches.  Mode 2 (-mode 2) searches for file signature matches.  Given a file signature match, mode 2 then attempts to match on content in order to produce a result.  Mode 3 (-mode 3) searches by content matches only.  In mode 3, no file signature matches are performed.
-no-expand-orgs
    Don't add members to targets when processing organizations
-port int
    Port to run web server on (default 9393)
-save string
    Save session to a file at the given path
-silent
    Suppress all output except for errors
-threads int
    Number of concurrent threads (default number of logical CPUs)
```

## Examples

Scan a GitLab group assuming your access token has been added to the environment variable with name GITROB_GITLAB_ACCESS_TOKEN.  Look for file signature matches only:

    gitrob <gitlab_group_id>

Scan a multiple GitLab groups assuming your access token has been added to the environment variable with name GITROB_GITLAB_ACCESS_TOKEN.  Clone repositories into memory for faster analysis.  Set the scan mode to 2 to scan each file match for a content match before creating a result.  Save the results to `./output.json`:

    gitrob -in-mem-clone -mode 2 -save "./output.json"  <gitlab_group_id_1> <gitlab_group_id_2>

Scan a GitLab groups assuming your access token has been added to the environment variable with name GITROB_GITLAB_ACCESS_TOKEN.  Clone repositories into memory for faster analysis.  Set the scan mode to 3 to scan each commit for content matches only.  Save the results to `./output.json`:

    gitrob -in-mem-clone -mode 3 -save "./output.json"  <gitlab_group_id>

Scan a Github user setting your Github access token as a parameter.  Clone repositories into memory for faster analysis.

    gitrob -github-access-token <token> -in-mem-clone <github_user_name>

### Editing File and Content Regular Expressions

Regular expressions are included in the [filesignatures.json](./filesignatures.json) and [contentsignatures.json](./contentsignatures.json) files respectively.  Edit these files to adjust your scope and fine-tune your results.

### Loading session from a file

A session stored in a file can be loaded with the `-load` option:

    gitrob -load ./output.json

Gitrob will start its web interface and serve the results for analysis.

## Installation

A [precompiled version is available](https://github.com/codeEmitter/gitrob/releases) for each release, alternatively you can use the latest version of the source code from this repository in order to build your own binary.

Make sure you have a correctly configured **Go >= 1.8** environment and that `$GOPATH/bin` is in your `$PATH`

    $ go get github.com/codeEmitter/gitrob

This command will download gitrob, install its dependencies, compile it and move the `gitrob` executable to `$GOPATH/bin`.

### Access Tokens

Gitrob will need either a GitLab or Github access token in order to interact with the appropriate API.  You can create a [GitLab personal access token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html), or [a Github personal access token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/) and save it in an environment variable in your `.bashrc` or similar shell configuration file:

    export GITROB_GITLAB_ACCESS_TOKEN=deadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeef
    export GITROB_GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN=deadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeef

Alternatively you can specify the access token with the `-gitlab-access-token` or `-github-access-token` option on the command line, but watch out for your command history!

Commit message:

add dockerfile and readme updates

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./static/images/gopher_full.png" alt="Gitrob" width="200" />
</p>
<br />
<br />
<br />

# Gitrob: Putting the Open Source in OSINT

Gitrob is a tool to help find potentially sensitive information pushed to public repositories on GitLab or Github. Gitrob will clone repositories belonging to a user or group/organization down to a configurable depth and iterate through the commit history and flag files and/or commit content that match signatures for potentially sensitive information. The findings will be presented through a web interface for easy browsing and analysis.

## Usage

    gitrob [options] target [target2] ... [targetN]

**IMPORTANT** If you are targeting a GitLab group, please give the **group ID** as the target argument.  You can find the group ID just below the group name in the GitLab UI.  Otherwise, names with suffice for the target arguments.

### Options

```
-bind-address string
    Address to bind web server to (default "127.0.0.1")
-commit-depth int
    Number of repository commits to process (default 500)
-debug
    Print debugging information
-github-access-token string
    Github access token to use for API requests (set one)
-gitlab-access-token string
    GitLab access token to use for API requests (set one)
-in-mem-clone
    Clone repositories into memory for faster analysis depending on your hardware
-load string
    Load session file from specified path
-mode int {1, 2, or 3}
    Designate a mode for execution.  Mode 1 (default) searches for file signature matches.  Mode 2 (-mode 2) searches for file signature matches.  Given a file signature match, mode 2 then attempts to match on content in order to produce a result.  Mode 3 (-mode 3) searches by content matches only.  In mode 3, no file signature matches are performed.
-no-expand-orgs
    Don't add members to targets when processing organizations
-port int
    Port to run web server on (default 9393)
-save string
    Save session to a file at the given path
-silent
    Suppress all output except for errors
-threads int
    Number of concurrent threads (default number of logical CPUs)
```

## Examples

Scan a GitLab group assuming your access token has been added to the environment variable with name GITROB_GITLAB_ACCESS_TOKEN.  Look for file signature matches only:

    gitrob <gitlab_group_id>

Scan a multiple GitLab groups assuming your access token has been added to the environment variable with name GITROB_GITLAB_ACCESS_TOKEN.  Clone repositories into memory for faster analysis.  Set the scan mode to 2 to scan each file match for a content match before creating a result.  Save the results to `./output.json`:

    gitrob -in-mem-clone -mode 2 -save "./output.json"  <gitlab_group_id_1> <gitlab_group_id_2>

Scan a GitLab groups assuming your access token has been added to the environment variable with name GITROB_GITLAB_ACCESS_TOKEN.  Clone repositories into memory for faster analysis.  Set the scan mode to 3 to scan each commit for content matches only.  Save the results to `./output.json`:

    gitrob -in-mem-clone -mode 3 -save "./output.json"  <gitlab_group_id>

Scan a Github user setting your Github access token as a parameter.  Clone repositories into memory for faster analysis.

    gitrob -github-access-token <token> -in-mem-clone <github_user_name>

### Editing File and Content Regular Expressions

Regular expressions are included in the [filesignatures.json](./filesignatures.json) and [contentsignatures.json](./contentsignatures.json) files respectively.  Edit these files to adjust your scope and fine-tune your results.

### Loading session from a file

A session stored in a file can be loaded with the `-load` option:

    gitrob -load ./output.json

Gitrob will start its web interface and serve the results for analysis.

## Installation

A [precompiled version is available](https://github.com/codeEmitter/gitrob/releases) for each release, alternatively you can use the latest version of the source code from this repository in order to build your own binary.

Make sure you have a correctly configured **Go >= 1.8** environment and that `$GOPATH/bin` is in your `$PATH`

    $ go get github.com/codeEmitter/gitrob

This command will download gitrob, install its dependencies, compile it and move the `gitrob` executable to `$GOPATH/bin`.

## Using docker

The [included Dockerfile](./Dockerfile) can be used to build images needed to run gitrob.  You can build a basic image with:

    docker build . -t gitrob:latest

You can then run the container, optionally specifying how many logical CPUs to allocate for concurrency with:

    docker run -p 9393:9393 --cpus <NUM_CPUS> gitrob:latest -bind-address 0.0.0.0 -github-access-token <token> -in-mem-clone -mode 2 <target1> <target2> ...

## Access Tokens

Gitrob will need either a GitLab or Github access token in order to interact with the appropriate API.  You can create a [GitLab personal access token](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/user/profile/personal_access_tokens.html), or [a Github personal access token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/) and save it in an environment variable in your `.bashrc` or similar shell configuration file:

    export GITROB_GITLAB_ACCESS_TOKEN=deadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeef
    export GITROB_GITHUB_ACCESS_TOKEN=deadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeefdeadbeef

Alternatively you can specify the access token with the `-gitlab-access-token` or `-github-access-token` option on the command line, but watch out for your command history!
